License error handling (#7)
pdf-tools/pdf-web-viewer-samples: vanilla-typescript-examples/license-error-handling/README.md

# License error handling

> This example demonstrates how to handle errors related to licensing within PDF Web Viewer by providing a fallback option to the free version. It ensures that the user can still use PDF Web Viewer and access its essential features, even when the license is not valid or has expired. This approach provides a seamless and uninterrupted experience for the user and helps to avoid any frustration or confusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to handle errors related to licensing within PDF Web Viewer by providing a fallback option to the free version. It ensures that the user can still use PDF Web Viewer and access its essential features, even when the license is not valid or has expired. Please note that in the free version the pdf document will be watermarked .
```

Author: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to handle errors related to licensing within PDF Web Viewer by providing a fallback option to the free version. It ensures that the user can still use PDF Web Viewer and access its essential features, even when the license is not valid or has expired. Please note that in the free version the PDF document will be watermarked .
```
